----------
Q1 FY2019:
----------
1) To start with, just to share the numbers, the revenue that we have clocked in Q1 is Rs.594 crores. On a standalone basis, there is a growth of 33% because there is a significant drag in the revenues on the Mobile side, there is a degrowth of 15% as compared to Q1 last year. On the EBITDA side, we have grown by 26% and the EBITDA of this quarter is Rs.27.47 crores. On the margin expansion side, we have expanded the overall margin from 3.1% to 4.6%. On the PAT side, we have grown by 18% from Rs.1,083 lakhs to Rs.1,276 lakhs. These are on the numbers side on a consolidated basis.

2) On the business side, the Lighting as a vertical, is on a very robust note. We have very significant mix of customers in our product portfolio. In this quarter, we have added Syska and Orient to our customer portfolio

3) The latest customer addition on the Washing Machine side, we have Lloyd as our customer now, whom we start executing business in this particular month. On the LED TV production side, we have added a very large customer, details I will be sharing after sometime. We have already expanded our capacity in Tirupati plant of 2.4 million sets. Further expansion plan to 3.4 million sets is on and we should be competing that by Q3 this fiscal. This is a complete backward integration of LCM, also the SMT line installation will be done by September.

4) On the Reverse Logistics side, the legacy issues are over. We had some data issues with Reliance, so we have taken the write-offs in this particular quarter of that. Our anchor customer, the order book now with Airtel is extremely strong. So, I would not say that we are going to be generating an EBITDA of Rs.11, 12 crores but we are going to be back to the run rate of Rs.60, 70 lakhs a month.

5) The commercial production of CCTV business in our JV with Aditya Infotech is already on and the commercial production has started and last month we delivered around 1.4 lakhs digital cameras and the DVR production has also started. There the expansion from 1.5 lakhs to 5 lakhs would be completed by September. The order book is very healthy. On the Mobile side, there has been issue on the demand from the customer. However, our backward integration plan for PCBA is on and should be completed by August end-mid-September. Also, Xiaomi, which was our major customer is back with us and now our partner is the brand S&C for Xiaomi.

6) On the Consumer Electronics side, if you see, there is a significant increase in the revenue; however, the margins have been under pressure. This I shared with you in the last earning call also, this is primarily because that we have been running two units, both in Dehradun and in Tirupati. So, the fixed cost expenses were higher because of this kind of operations which is coming to an end in end August. Also, now in Tirupati, the backward integration of their LCM is already on. So, from this quarter you will see a significant jump in the margins. In September, the surface mount lines are also going to be operational which will further increase the margins. So, both on the order book side and also on the backward integration and depth of manufacturing side, you will see a significant increase in the margins 

7) Atul B. Lall:
Last year we were around slightly lesser than a million sets. We feel that we should be
somewhere around 1.4, 1.45 million sets.
Saurabh Gupta:
Aditya, to answer your question, that was partly built into our guidance that we had given; 2%
addition was built into that guidance, so we think we will continue to deliver somewhere
between 30-40% growth over last year which is around 1 million sets that we delivered last
year, we should be within 1.35-1.4 million this year.
Aditya Bhartia:
What kind of margin expansion should we be expecting coming because of backward
integration in LED TV sets?
Saurabh Gupta:
Of course, it will take some time to ramp up but we think it can easily expand our margin by
60 to 70 bps but that will happen only when that completely gets stabilized. So, gradually I
think so in the mid of Q2, it will start to get stabilized.
Atul B. Lall:
Finally, it is going to come to around 2.7%, 2.8%.

8) Nitin Gosar:
Just wanted to understand on the washing machine comment which you made, you talked
about inability to pass on price hikes immediately.
Atul B. Lall:
What we have in our agreements is that in the pricing to our customers we take the average
exchange rate the previous month and average commodity rate the previous month, that has to
be built into the current month’s pricing. Now, in case month-on-month, the exchange rate and
the commodity prices keep on increasing, which normally does not happen but it happened in
the last quarter that every month on the exchange rate the Indian rupee has been depreciating
and the Polymer prices have been increasing because of crude with a lag comes into the
system, that is what I was trying to explain. In this particular month, the Polymer prices have
come down and exchange rate at least as compared to the last month has been stable, will
become slightly better but that was not the case in the last quarter.

9) Anshuman Baid:
Regarding this front load washing machine, which you had a plan and were a part of our R&D,
any kind of development from that?
Atul B. Lall:
What we are planning is top load fully automating machine, the team has been working on it
and we are hopeful that by Q3 next fiscal we will be ready with the production and the
moderate churn out from our Tirupati plant

10) Here the question that I was answering was in our ODM business, in which we are
the owners of design. In that we have a mechanism of passing on to the cost, but it is not the
exact cost-plus model. There is an element of variability there which I tried explaining in my
explanation. So, there are two business models: In the cost-plus model, complete cost is passed
on to the customer, namely our businesses of mobile, namely, our businesses of EMS LED
TV, our business of security surveillance system, this is an exact cost plus

11) As explained, the Consumer Electronics business is majorly the EMS business where the
currency and the commodities is completely passed on to the customer immediately. There is
no erosion on account of realization.

12) In Reverse Logistics business, Bhoomika, we feel that from the current quarter we should be at
a level of creating profit of around Rs.50-60 lakhs. This is not as per my guidance, which I had
given of around Rs.10-11 crores but we are going to be add Rs.50, 60 lakhs a month, so we
should generate around Rs.5, 6 crores operating profit in this business. This is primarily on
account of Airtel coming back to us in larger volumes

13)

Analysts:
---------
1) Renu Baid from IIFL
2) Aditya Bhartia from Investec
3) Nitin Gosar from Invesco
4) Anshuman Baid from ICICI Securities
5) Prtiesh Chheda from Lucky Investment Managers
6) Nayan Parakh from IIFL

----------
Q2 FY2019:
----------
1) Now the business model that we have is that we passed on any impact of the currency to the customer as per the contract, which is either monthly or bimonthly or three month basis. Usually there has been a parabolic kind of a change in the commodity prices and the currency, but unfortunately in the last three months it has only been increased, so that has been a drag on the profitability, which is impacted significantly. One it has stabilized lately and second we have come out with an internal mechanism and some contracts are being reinitiated, so I we feel that we have been able to take care of this issue to a very large extent in the coming quarters.

2) we shared that the revenue this year is Rs.360 Crores against 
Rs.466 Crores last year, again there was a Diwali shifting. The operating profit margin has
expanded to 3.6% that is Rs.13 Crores against Rs.11 Crores last year so it is expanded from 2.4%
to 3.6%. The ODM percentage has increased from 5% to 10%, the backward integration of LCM
and closure of the Dehradun LED TV unit by which we are having duplicate cost structure, has
been already taken care. One very significant positive in this quarter has been the acquisition of
account of Xiaomi by us now.

3) We have created a capacity earlier of 2.4 millions at our Tirupati plant, which has been
expanded to 3.4 million now that is 2.9 lakhs a month and this expansion will be over by
December this year, so this increased capacity will give us a share of almost 24% of the Indian
Market, which is the largest capacity any company, any unit has in India. Further we are now
have deepened our manufacturing facility both with LCM manual insertions and SMP, so the
depth of manufacturing today is the same if not more in any other multinational company or any
other company in India or globally

4) The second I wanted to go is the home appliances segment. In home appliances, there has been a
strong revenue growth of almost 7% to 9%. We did Rs.104 Crores in Q2 FY2018-FY2019
against Rs.58 Crores in the same period last year. In Q2 we have sold almost 2.1 lakh machine in
2018-2019 against 1.3 lakhs in the same period last year. However the operating margins have
contracted almost 360 basis points This again has been very special kind of a situation where it has been
continuously increasing, so lately I am seeing the stability there and we have worked out on
internal mechanism and some renegotiations of our contracts to take care of it with our customer.

5) As far as the lighting segment is concerned, the revenues have grown by 1% this year, Rs.190
Crores against Rs.188 Crores last year and the conventional CFL business has come to a stop.
Adjusting the revenue of lighting CFL business revenue growth would have been 15%; however,
the operating margins contracted by 110 basis points from 6.9% to 5.8%

7) However to add to that, we are working on some internal mechanism for sourcing in different
currency, which is going to dilute this impact, we have worked out on some internal mechanisms
for hedging and buyers credit. There might be some impact, but what has happened in Q2
because of the currency depreciation I feel in the subsequent quarter. If at all that impact is there
it will be much more diluted.

8) Nitin Arora:
With respect to Xiaomi, which you are saying that they will do some 15000 to 20000 units and
the order booking would be much higher going forward, whom you think he will start eating
market share from, is it going to be the guys, four guys who is holding 70% of the market, the
Samsung, LG, Sony or is it the guy who has a 10% share in the market like a Panasonic, which is
your client, just want your take on that?
Atul Lall:
Nitin he will eat the market share of all the top four players including Panasonic as well, the
Samsung, LG, Sony and Panasonic would get affected.
Nitin Arora:
So how is Panasonic doing as of now for you in the TV and how much you expect he softens out,
if this, so at the end of the day we even outcry the Xiaomi goes up and Panasonic goes down, so
can you give a more clarity on that?
Atul Lall:
Panasonic with Xiaomi will definitely be under pressure, but as far as our volumes of Panasonic
are concerned there would be a small impact, but not very significant impact, but Xiaomi head on
will be much, much larger in any minor impact that would happen on Panasonic because as you
very correctly mentioned one feels the impact of Xiaomi just like it has happened in mobile
phone is more on the top brand and second is they are only launching the smart solutions, they
are not into the conventional solutions and Panasonic 75%-80% is conventional solution

9) We feel that across all these segments the penetration level in India is small. Second the
government policies and the cost in China really ballooning, all this consumption often times
would be serviced through India manufacturing. More and more brands are focusing on branding
and distribution and the manufacturing in the lining part has been outsourced. I feel across all
these verticals there is significant tailwind and in some of the verticals, which I shared with you
like lighting there is a huge potential for getting into the global market.

10)


Analysts:
---------
1) Aditya Bhartia from Investec
2) Rahul Agarwal from ICICI Prudential Life
3) Nitin Arora from Axis Mutual Fund.
4) Abhisehk Ghosh from DSP Mutual Fund.
5) Jaganadham T from Centrum Booking.
6) 
----------
Q1 FY2020:
----------
1) The consolidated revenue for quarter ended June 30, 2019 was 1147 Crores as against 594 Crores in the same period last year. This is a growth of almost 93%. On consolidated EBITDA for the quarter was Rs.53.15 Crores as against 27.25 Crores in the same period last year that is a growth of 95%. Consolidated PAT for the quarter was 23.58 Crores against 12.76 Crores in the same period last year, which is a growth of almost 35%.

2) In the consumer electronics segment, which is dominated by televisions, the revenues for the quarter under review was 510 Crores against 223 Crores, which is a growth of 129% over the last year’s quarter, first quarter. This was mainly due to our new customer acquisition that is Xiaomi. Xiaomi since has got a hold position, it is number one, it is smart television market in India.

3) The operating margins have also expanded from 1.1% to 2.2%. We have made a very strong start in the second quarter with July being the best month in our operating history. So far we clocked the sale of 2.4 lakhs TV. We have also expanded the capacity in our Tirupati plant now from 2.4 million TVs to 3.6 million annually. This is the largest capacity that any company has in India. It is almost 25%.

4) Now, the SMT lines have been installed and sales one, the SMT PCVA there is 1 million per annum. The commercial production of SMT line has already started, so with this kind of infrastructure friends we are now the most vertically integrated TV plant in India. We are focusing a lot on our ODM solutions. So we have now R&D both in China and in India.

5) Next I go to the lighting segment. Revenue for the quarter has shown a growth of 71% year-on-year. In Q1 2020, we have clocked a turnover of 324 Crores as compared to 190 Crores in the same period last year.We have clocked the same volume of 19.4 million LED bulbs, which I feel there is more than 50% of the total Indian requirement. The new brand that we have added apart from Philips is Panasonic Anchor, Bajaj, Wipro, Orient, Ajanta, Syska, Polycab, Control and Switchgear, Jaguar, Usha, Looper and also Plunt.

6) We had already expanded the capacity in batons from 250K to 800K inn phase 1 and phase 2 should be over by Q3 of this fiscal we will have a capacity of 1.5 million. The total Indian requirement is around 5 million, so we are going to build a capacity in phase 2 of almost 30%, so the customers in LED bulb and batons performance

7) Next product line we are targeting is downlighters wherein we are at present at a level of around 150K a month. In phase 1, we are planning to expand it to 2.5 million that is 500K a month and then we plan to build it up to a million a month. From next fiscal we will have a couple of large accounts for export of LED bulbs because we feel that we are within top 4 globally now as far as the volume of LED bulb that we can and we have the cost comparativeness to enter the global markets so same thing that we have been able to do in LED bulbs.

8) We have more than 140 models. Our order book is fairly healthy. Our anchor customers, Samsung in January 2019 has more than doubled the volume and from July we added another model for them, which will take the volumes to almost half or mid in the year. So, in semiautomatic also we are planning a further capacity expansion to 105 million. If you recall in my last interaction that we have shared that we now have top loading fully automatic plant in place. This new plant will be coming up in Tirupati. The new parcel of land, which is contiguous to our existing campus has been acquired. The construction will be starting shortly. So we have finalized two platforms in this in both 6 and 7 kg category it will complete our portfolio and this factory will be operational in next fiscal.

9) The mobile phone segment, revenues for the quarter was 144 Crores for 100% against 73 Crores for 50% last year. Operating profit was 3.2 Crores to 100% as against 81 lakhs to 50% same period last year. The operating profits margins have improved to 2.2% in the current quarter as compared to 1.1% in the same period last year mainly this is due to the backward integration of PCBA that we have been, that is in operation now. So the PBCA backward integration capacity for mobile phones is 300k to 350k per month for Smart Phone and 750k per month feature phones.

10) So we have strive to build a large scale in mobile business and I am glad to inform and report you that we have got a very major breakthrough in this division and we have signed with a very close 250 accounts, which is in the top two in India and globally. So we have taken as a new factory in Noida and we have almost 2.2 lakh a square feet and we are setting up a capacity of 1.8 million phones in both domestic and export market. The trials in this factory would start in September 2019 the next month, and commercial production will start in Q3 from first week of October that is what we are targeting.

11) Reverse logistics is a segment which is more of a strategic nature, it is a, we are not making significant money there, so we have a negative operating profit of 11 lakhs in the last quarter of year this is primarily because of writing off of some unusable inventory. This will continue like that, this is more in a strategic sense because the main focus now there is on LED TV panel and we are doing it for Xiaomi so that is the way it is. (honest management !!!)

12) Well, there has been an investment by Reliance yesterday so one has to wait and watch that what it exactly means, what they are talking about because they are talking about 4k television the set top box free but on what package, what volumes but we also know that Reliance is our customer, Reliance is our large customer.

13) We are in the front of a Japanese Daikin partner. There is a company called Rexene which is the strategic partner for Daikin globally and it provides them the complete inverter control module solution. We are the manufacturing partner for India. I am seeing that this business is continuously growing. One Daikin is doing fairly well. Second it is a pretty strong AC season. Third there is an absolute shift towards the inverter base solutions so I am seeing a significant growth in the Q2 also. Third Daikin is sourcing for all their global factors of Rexene so some exports have also started from Dixon India to Daikin’s global.

----------
Q2 FY2020:
----------
1) Consolidated revenues for quarter ended September 30, 2019 was Rs.1405 Crores against Rs.741 Crores in the same period last year. That is a growth of around 90%. Consolidated EBITDA for the quarter ended September 30th was Rs.65.9 Crores against 34.6 Crores in the same period last year that is a growth of 91%.

2) What I wanted to highlight in this half yearly performance has been a strong generation of free cash flows, post capex we generated free cash of around 65 Crores in the first six months. This is of course on account of improved profitability but more than that it is on account of improved working capital efficiency, this has also resulted in net debt reduction to Rs.52 Crores on September 30, 2019 against 96 Crores as on March 31, 2019 in spite of significant increase in the revenues

3) In consumer electronics segment, that is primarily LED televisions, the revenues for the growth come for the quarter Q2 2019-2020 was 738 Crores against 360 Crores in the same period last year, that is a growth of 105%. The operating profit also grew by 40% that is 17.7 Crores in this Q2 against 12.6 Crores in the same period last year

4) On our SMT side currently we have a capacity of 1 million and by the end of this fiscal we will further expand this capacity to 2.4 million. We have invested in R&D and we have a large R&D team both in India and China now. 

5) Also, an important development for us is that we are in very advance stages of an agreement closure with a very large brand we nominate both Indian and global market and we expect the production for that brand to commence from January 2020

6) Going to the next vertical lighting. Revenues to the quarter have grown by 49% year-on- year. we are at 284 Crores in Q2 against 190 Crores in the same epode last year. This is in spite of the CSL business completely shutting off. So, if I compare on like-to-like basis the growth would have been almost 56%. Increased volumes have led to almost 108% growth in operating profit, profit for this quarter is 23 Crores and as compared to 11 Crores in the same period last year. The margins in lighting business have also expanded from 5.8% in Q2 last year to 8.1% in Q2 this year

7) So now we have all the major brands in lighting industry in our portfolio most of them and all of them are primarily on ODM basis. We have also expanded our capacity in LED bulbs, which is now 20 million per annum, which is almost 50% of the Indian requirement. In the last quarter we have developed new solutions smart LED bulb and emergency bulbs which assuming to three prominent brands in India.
 
8) So now we have expanded our capacity in phase I in batons from 250K a month to 800K per month and in phase II that is by Q1 next fiscal this will be expanded to 1.5 million. So, the total Indian requirement we understand is around 5 million a month, we will be almost at 30%, please also appreciate that the brands whom they are servicing are having batoning is an important SKU in the product portfolio, so we are fairly confident that we will have a large customer base for batons also

9) Now with this increased volume that we have had, we feel that they are globally competitive and for one of our major anchor customers we start exports to the global market within December this year. We are in discussion with some large global chains and we are fairly confident that we will get a breakthrough in the international markets in lighting, in indoor lighting very shortly.

10) Coming to our home appliances, that is washing machine segment. Revenues for the quarter has grown by 34%, it is 139 Crores in Q2 financial year 2019-2020 as compared to 104 Crores last year. Operating profit has also grown by 94%, it is 16.4 Crores in Q2 FY2019- 2020 versus 8.5 Crores. The margins have expanded from 8.1% in washing machines in Q2 last fiscal to the 11.8% in the last quarter.

11) We are in advance stage of an agreement closure with a very large Indian multinational brand and for this particular brand the execution will start by December this year. I had shared with you that we are expanding into top loading fully automatic category. So, the plans are in place and this campus the factory is coming up in our Tirupati campus and we are targeting to start the production there by Q3 in next fiscal, we will have the complete range right from 6 kgs to 10 kgs category almost 30 models and we are in process of tying up with two large MNC brands this will consume almost 70% of our capacities

12) We are in advance stage of an agreement closure with a very large Indian multinational brand and for this particular brand the execution will start by December this year. I had shared with you that we are expanding into top loading fully automatic category. So, the plans are in place and this campus the factory is coming up in our Tirupati campus and we are targeting to start the production there by Q3 in next fiscal, we will have the complete range right from 6 kgs to 10 kgs category almost 30 models and we are in process of tying up with two large MNC brands this will consume almost 70% of our capacities

13) We are in advance stage of an agreement closure with a very large Indian multinational brand and for this particular brand the execution will start by December this year. I had shared with you that we are expanding into top loading fully automatic category. So, the plans are in place and this campus the factory is coming up in our Tirupati campus and we are targeting to start the production there by Q3 in next fiscal, we will have the complete range right from 6 kgs to 10 kgs category almost 30 models and we are in process of tying up with two large MNC brands this will consume almost 70% of our capacities. The production is being ramped up and we feel that by January or latest February in the next quarter we
should be able to achieve a 100% capacity of 127 or 128 million feature phones.

14) Udit D: 
My question is around the cost of material consume, so I wanted to check that on a standalone basis the cost of material consumed has moved from about 84% to about 90% as a percentage of sales. So, could you explain this movement?
Atul B. Lall:
Yes basically because of the change in sales mix. So, if you look at our quarterly numbers, it will be, the consumer electronics segment has contributed almost 50% of the sales and there the margin profile is generally lower as compared to what we make on the lighting or the washing machine home appliances segment so that is predominantly the reason.

15) Neelesh Wagle:
Another question I had is in the early 90‟s we use to see companies like TCL, Samtel, a lot of manufacturing companies in the electronic domain that use to make for our customers and do contract manufacturing and eventually these companies went Bosch because of significant pressures in terms of FX volatility and inventory obsolescence how has that business model the risk changed in the current time and I understand you are very diversified across business lines across customers and all of that it is not like you have a monocline large volume single product issue here. But has this manufacturing outsourcing business has that fundamentally changed over the years.
Atul B. Lall:
So in our case I will share with you, as we just shared that our business is primarily OEM that is a prescriptive mode and ODM which is our old reliant model now as far as our OEM business is concerned which is a largest chunk of a business it is both currency and inventory are agnostic so we do not take any inventory risk we do not take any currency risk. That is the way the value chain is designed. In the ODM part we carry the risk, but in the business model the way we have structured is we have kind of delisted to a very large extent but there can be some lag impact for some quarters. So that is the way the business is structured.

16) Praveen Sahay:
And lastly also on the AC PCB segment you are gaining a traction and numbers looking very good so how much is your target is to and in which plant you are doing this AC PCB.
Atul B. Lall:
That has been done in Noida plant only which we do for the company call Dixon and they supply to Daikin so that business is also growing and that business is also delivering decent profitability for us.
Praveen Sahay: 
And any target to achieve in that or you have a... 
Atul B. Lall: 
In this particular vertical our end customer that Daikin, which the Saurabh head is, do
extremely well in the Indian market so we feel that year-on-year we should be able to
achieve a growth of around 25% to 30%.
Praveen Sahay: 
Any capacity number can you say around that.
Atul B. Lall: 
These as we said that this capacity is fungible, so on SMP lines there we do a light products we also do our AC PCB so it is fungible capacity, so we have additional capacities and it is common to all so the TV PCB is the security system PCBs, camera PCBs, DVR PCBs, lighting PCBs, mobile PCBs, the surplus amount of capacity for the same and that is the main capex this all fungible capacity and that is what our core is 
---------
Analysts:
---------
1) Aditya Bhartia from Investec
2) Udit D from Kotak Mahindra Bank
3) Meet Jain from Prithvi Finmart
4) Prithvi Raj from Unifi Capital
5) Rishab D from Sharekhan	
6) Neelesh Wagle from Suyash Advisors
7) Praveen Sahay from Edelweiss
8) Prithvi Raj from Unifi Capital
9) Mehul Mehta from SPA Securities
10) Hiren Trivedi from Axis
